---
title: "CS0120"
description: "An object reference is required for the non-static field, method, or property 'Foo'"
---
# [CS0120](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/compiler-messages/cs0120)

```
An object reference is required for the non-static field, method, or property 'Foo'
```


Types are usually created as instances. This means that there are individual objects, and a variable can reference **one** of them.

[`static`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/keywords/static) is a keyword that restricts something to a single instance, bound to the type name.
Static is **not** to be liberally applied. Generally the correct way to solve this error is to properly reference an instance.

# Resolution
::::note
## In non-static methods
Reference the instance you care about, instead of its type.
See [referencing members in other scripts](../References.md) if you are trying to access content in another script.

:::note  
### Example
<<Code/Compiler Errors/CS0120 1.html>>

[`Transform`](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/Transform.html) is the name of the class, but which Transform is this referring to? [`position`](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/Transform-position.html) isn't defined statically, because each individual Transform has a position.

The code must define which instance it is positioning.

In this case Component has a [`transform`](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/Component-transform.html) property defined which is the Transform they are attached to.
<<Code/Compiler Errors/CS0120 2.rtf>>

:::  
::::

::::note
## In static methods
Static methods cannot access instance members (not static), only other static members.  

:::warning{.small}  
Liberally applying the `static` keyword is not a solution to reference objects.  
:::

For example, if you have a static method on a `MonoBehaviour`, a non-static property like [`transform`](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/Component-transform.html) is not accessible. Static variables also aren't serializable, so inspector-defined variables can't be referenced directly in static methods.

### Continuing to use a static method
If you want to access an instance member inside a static method, it must be passed as in as a parameter.

### Switching to an instance method
Question whether your method should be declared as static, and consider properly [referencing an instance](../References.md) of your class instead.
In cases where you have a **singular** manager class (a score manager for example), you may consider using a [singleton](../References/Singletons.md).  
::::
