## [CS0246](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/compiler-messages/cs0246)

```
The type or namespace name 'Foo' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
```

This error is shown when a type isn't found. This is because either:
- The appropriate namespace has not been added.
- The type name has been misspelled.
- The assembly isn't referenced.

#### What are namespaces?
Namespaces are used to differentiate between different types that share the same name, and are required to be referenced if in use.
They are declared in the `using` block at the **top** of a script:

```csharp
using UnityEngine;
```

### Resolution: Adding the appropriate namespace
:::warning{.small}
[Follow this link if you are seeing this error only when building your game.](../Building/CS0246.md)
:::
::::note
<<Code/Namespaces.md>>
::::
::::note
#### Adding a namespace manually
To manually resolve this issue, understand what namespace a Type is in by looking at the documentation or source code.
The namespace is listed at the top of the documentation.
#### Documentation
- [Unity's API scripting reference.](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/)
- [Unity package documentation.](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/PackagesList.html)
- [.NET (C#) API documentation.](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/)
#### Source code
The [Unity C# reference source code](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/UnityCsReference).
The source code for packages added to a project can be found under the Packages folder in the Project window.
::::

### Namespace conflict resolution
If multiple namespaces contain types by the same name, the code needs to specify which is used. You can use this syntax:
```csharp
using Object = UnityEngine.Object;
```

---
I am using the appropriate namespace and still having an issue:
- [I am using Assembly Definitions.](CS0246%20Assembly%20Definitions.md)
- [I am not using Assembly Definitions.](CS0246%20Editor%20Assemblies.md) (Default)
