## [CS0246](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/compiler-messages/cs0246): Assembly Definitions

```
The type or namespace name 'Foo' could not be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)
```

### Description
Assembly Definitions (asmdefs) are used to manually group code into individual assemblies.  
They also define the assemblies referenced by that assembly.  
You can learn more about assembly definitions [here](https://learn.unity.com/tutorial/working-with-assembly-definitions).  

### Resolution
#### Both scripts are under separate asmdef
1. Select the asmdef that contains the current script.
2. In the **Assembly Definition References** section of the inspector add a reference to the asmdef that contains the script you wish to reference.
3. Wait for Unity to recompile. The reference should now be resolved when the namespace is added.

#### This script is under an asmdef, the target is in a plugin/DLL
1. Select the asmdef that contains the current script.
2. Under **General**, tick **Override References**.
3. In the **Assembly References** section of the inspector add a reference to the target plugin.
4. Wait for Unity to recompile. The reference should now be resolved when the namespace is added.

#### This script is under an asmdef, the target isn't
Scripts under asmdefs cannot reference scripts that are not in assembly definitions or in Unity's assemblies.  
If No Engine References is ticked on the asmdef this will stop it from referencing Unity's assemblies.

#### This script isn't under an asmdef, the target is
Scripts outside of asmdefs can reference asmdef assemblies if **Auto Referenced** is ticked on their asset.  
If it isn't, and cannot be changed, then this code must be moved under its own asmdef to have it reference that assembly.  

#### Neither scripts are under asmdefs
**Either:**
- They are[^1] without you being aware.
- Your IDE is showing the error, and Unity is compiling correctly. If this is the case press **regenerate project files** in **Edit | Preferences | External Tools**, and restart your IDE.
- You have misspelt the type or namespace.
- The type has changed name, or doesn't exist in the version of Unity or the package you are trying to reference.

[^1]: You can search the project with `t:AssemblyDefinitionAsset` to find asmdefs in the project.